Merge ROS Service for Navigation (#47)
Benned-H/spot_skills: README.md

5. We're now ready to run the demo. In the first tab, run the command:

```bash

> roslaunch spot_skills spot_driver_bringup.launch spot_name:=$SPOT_NAME

Author: Addressed in later comment.

3. Use the tablet to walk Spot around the environment until RTAB-Map successfully localizes Spot.

   - Look for the simulated Spot to "match" the real-world robot's position in the world, as visualized by the robot and pointcloud in RViz.

4. Command Spot to navigate to a named location by calling the appropriate ROS service from the command-line:

```bash
rosservice call /spot/navigation/to_landmark "landmark_name: 'door_to_lab'"
```

- To define a new named landmark at Spot's current base pose, you can run the command:
  ```bash
  rosservice call /spot/navigation/create_landmark "object_name: 'NAME_HERE'"
  ```

### `OpenDoor` Demo

In this real-world demonstration, we'll use ROS to trigger Spot's off-the-shelf skill to open a door.

> 1. Use the tablet to walk Spot to stand in front of the door, facing the door. To verify that Spot's
>    in the right position, enter **Stand** mode on the tablet and tilt Spot's body up using the right
>    joystick. The door handle should be visible through Spot's front body camera(s).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Use the tablet to walk Spot to stand in front of the door, facing the door. To verify that Spot is
   correctly positioned, enter **Stand** mode on the tablet and tilt Spot's body up using the right
   joystick. The door handle should be visible through Spot's front body camera(s).
```
